Address issue #429 (#434)
pulp/pulpproject.org: index.md

  </p>
</div>

If you have to manage hundreds or thousands of packages, Pulp can help!

![](/images/pulp-workflow-architecture-ha/pulp-101.png)

* **Ensure stability and continuity:** External content sources can go offline unexpectedly.
If you want to ensure that you always have what you need, Pulp can help.
* **Stop using rsync:** Pulp is designed with complex content management workflows and disk optimization in mind.
If your sync script is letting you down, Pulp can help.

> * **Reduce rate limiting:** From one day to the next, third party platforms can introduce rate limiting and change the conditions of service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reduce rate limiting:** From one day to the next, third-party platforms can introduce rate limiting and change the conditions of service.
```

If you want to reduce operation costs by having your team consume content from Pulp rather than third parties, Pulp can help.
* **Distribute content privately:** Sometimes you need a way to distribute private content you have developed in house.

> If you want to keep your private packages off third-party platforms and distribute them with ease, Pulp can help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to keep your private packages off third-party platforms and distribute them internally with ease, Pulp can help.
```

* **Experiment without risk:** Every change to content hosted in Pulp creates a new repository version.

> If you need to pin packages to certain versions to ensure stability and repeatability, Pulp can help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to pin packages to certain versions to ensure stability or rollback changes to repos, Pulp can help.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this change doesn't make sense. I was just thinking it'd be nice to call out the ability to rollback changes to repo somehow.

Author: I committed it and now see that it reads badly. I love the term repeatability. I'll try weave in rollback.

Author: Would this work?

... And much more!

Pulp is free and open-source, and we invite you to [join us on GitHub](https://github.com/pulp/).

> Come chat to us on our [community forum](https://discourse.pulpproject.org/).

Reviewer: I might add matrix info here too?

Author: Oh yes!
